WILL: It's been a while since
I left the family and moved back to Philly.
I miss them a lot, but I got me a great job
at Duke's House of Cheesesteaks.
And, like they say, life goes on.
Hey, Smith.
Yo, man, what's up?
Come here.
What's up?
What does this contract say?
- "Fresh Prince of Bel-Air. "
- That's right, not Philadelphia, Bel-Air.
- Yeah, man, but, you know, my mama-
- Get in the van.
Yo, homes, to Bel-Air.
[SINGING "THE FRESH PRINCE
OF BEL-AIR" THEME]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Mr. Jazz is here to see you.
If you need me, I'll be hiding the silver.
Hey, Jazz, what's up, man?
- Psssh!
- Psssh.
My best friend's back from Philly,
I gotta hear about it on the street?
I tried to get in touch.
Where are you staying?
On the street.
At least until Jewel lets me back
in the house.
Hey, man, it's good to see you, man.
By the way,
who's playing the mother this year?
It's the same mom.
Who are you?
Oh, come on, Jazz, that's Baby Nicky.
Man, I'm going back on the street
where things make sense.
I am leaving in five minutes
whether you are ready or not.
Nicky, go get your brother, Carlton.
Hey, Uncle Phil, man, I gotta give you props
for investing in this record store, man.
That must've been a lot of money.
How much are we really worth?
We?
[LAUGHING]
"We. "
Girls, Vivian, let's go!
Philip, I do not appreciate
being rushed like this.
It's your opening,
I want to look beautiful.
Well, Vivian,
I don't have that kind of time.
Carlton, let's go.
Daddy,
I'm so excited you bought a record store.
Finally an investment
where I can hang out.
Nothing stopped you from hanging out
at my hardware store.
Uncle Phil, I ain't playing.
I am in your will, right?
Well, if he is, I'll fight it.
I'm going, but I'm not staying long.
I'm conferencing with my producers
about my talk-show persona.
Am I antagonizing like Geraldo?
Am I investigative like Donahue?
Maybe you should go bald like Montel.
Okay, now, are we missing anyone?
Just G, but we don't take him
nowhere anyway.
PHIL:
Okay. Come on, let's go.
Yo, Uncle Phil, man,
this place is on book.
Hey, you know, this is the kind of place
I could see myself managing.
[CHUCKLES]
Call me stupid,
but I'm in this to make some money.
Hey, Uncle Phil,
I'm telling you, I could see that.
From the time I walked in,
I was having visions, man.
You know what?
You ain't got no X-rated skin flicks
up in here.
You toss some of them up in here,
you be making it hand over fist.
- Hand over fist.
- Will, Will, Will!
No offense...
...but in the world of business and finance,
I consider you the antiprofit.
Wait, Uncle Phil, I'm serious.
I feel this, you gotta let me in on this.
- No.
- Why not?
[YELLING] I mean, Mother,
you watch my show, am I too soft-spoken?
Hilary...
- I got music in my blood.
- I don't doubt you have the potential...
...but do you ever use it productively?
Never.
Do you ever apply yourself
the way that you could? No.
Why, son, when I was your age
and I was working on that farm...
...boy, I had to work from 9 in the night
to 9 forever. I just worked and...
ASHLEY [SINGING]:
It's gonna make you move and groove
Hey, DJ, keep playing that song
All night
On and on and on
Mr. DJ
DJ
See, I don't know what to tell you.
Ever since you left Philly...
...I have been trying to let you...
Hey, Mr. DJ
All the girls are ready
Ching-ching!
[LAUGHS]
[MUSIC PLAYING OVER STEREO]
ASHLEY [SINGING ON RECORDING]:
Tell me why
You're playing with my mind, boy
Take some time
To open up your eyes
- Hey, can you feel it, G?
- Oh, yeah.
I really don't understand
Guess not.
I'm telling you, my boys in the studio
were saying your vocals are all that.
Will, I can't believe it.
I sound so professional.
You'd be surprised
what a little creativity in the studio can do.
Ask Janet Jackson.
All right, party in the house.
Which ain't necessarily a good thing.
- Oh, that's great.
PHIL: Mm-hm.
- Wait a minute, Ashley, is that you?
- Uh-huh.
- It sounds good, doesn't it, Uncle Phil?
- Oh, I like what I'm hearing.
- Uh, uh.
- Oooh!
I'm telling you,
this girl has a God-given talent.
- Oh, you ain't lying.
- Ohh!
Yeah, that's why I'm gonna manage
her professional singing career.
[MUSIC STOPS]
No daughter of mine
is getting into the music business, period.
- I've seen it ruin too many young lives.
- But, Daddy-
I don't want any buts.
Well, you're certainly losing that battle.
Ashley's only 15 years old.
Honey, you should be concentrating
on your education, not on singing.
- Don't you understand?
PHIL: Exactly.
- Case closed.
- But-
Now, we better start our walk, Vivian.
Baskin-Robbins closes at 6.
I knew they'd say no.
Don't worry about it,
everything is right on schedule.
Will, what are you talking about?
You heard what Daddy said.
Yeah, that's why
everything is right on schedule.
We ask his permission,
he says no, we do it anyway.
Hey, baby. Girl, how are you doing?
I'm sorry, do I know you?
You know me, the pool party at Q's crib.
I'm sorry. Q doesn't have a pool.
Oh, you know what? I'm just gonna go
ahead in. I'm gonna surprise Gordy.
- You don't have to buzz him.
- Look, don't make me call the cops.
You feisty, huh?
- What, are you Creole?
- That's it.
Okay, all right, all right.
Relax. I don't know
why you fronting on me.
She knows me.
- Speaker for Mr. Berry.
- We didn't order any speakers.
It's a gift from Sony Music...
...from Mr. Sock-It-To-Me.
Okay, well, then come right in.
Just put that over there.
You know, there's a $20 delivery charge.
Oh, my mistake.
Hey, listen,
I am the one that is responsible...
...for getting Ashford and Simpson
back together.
I deserve a damn Image Award.
Quincy?
Oh, come on, man,
he gets one every year.
The cheapskate,
he won't even buy a pool.
Oh, yeah? Well, listen, before I have
to start throwing my weight around...
...and come down there and get
somebody fired, I want my Image Award.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
Do you understand me?
I want my Image Award now.
That's what I said
and that's what I meant.
That's exactly how I feel about it.
Indeed.
I don't wanna hear about that, man.
Listen, that is not my problem.
Absolutely. Yeah. Uh-huh.
Well, I tell you what,
you just do that then. Uh-huh.
Yeah, goodbye.
Hey!
You know me.
I'm calling security.
Hey, Mr. Berry, please listen. I just need
five minutes. Please give me five minutes.
Remember when you were managing
the Chi-Lites?
You broke in to Dick Clark's office.
You wouldn't leave until he put them
on American Bandstand?
You read my book.
I'm telling you, I read everything
that got anything to do with music.
Hey, did you know James Brown
got an orthopedic cape?
All right, all right, let's listen to it.
You're gonna love this.
This is the straight butter, you will love it.
All right, well, let's check it out.
[MUSIC PLAYING ON STEREO]
- Oh, look at you, look at you.
- Not bad.
ASHLEY [SINGING ON RECORDING]:
Tell me why-
Pass.
- Pass? What are you talking about?
- Look here, son.
It was a nice try,
but I'm a very busy man.
So if you'll excuse me.
Oh. Oh. Okay. All right.
I see how you're trying to play me.
But you know what? You better get
a good look at this face and remember it...
...because when Ashley Banks' album
goes double platinum...
...you're gonna be seeing it in your dreams
and in your nightmares...
...because you ain't the only game
in town. Chht.
Oh, and p. s...
...the Jheri curl played out with the jerk.
Let's keep it flowing
on New Artist Spotlight.
Here's a funky-five, free-flux dance mix
of "Mandy" by Funky Bunch.
[MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
- Hey, Johnny C.
- Hey.
How are you doing?
Think you can help a young janitor out?
Oh, sure, lay it on me, my brother.
Bla-bla-blam-blam!
Here it is, the next Whitney.
- Where's the rest?
- Huh?
This is the music business.
You need the universal lubricant.
I'm talking cash, man.
Oh. Whoo.
Hey, man, you know what?
Don't even worry about it,
you probably can't help me anyway.
Seeing as this is your last day and all.
Whoa, whoa, what's that mean?
Brother, I was just cleaning
the executive suite up on the 24th floor.
- Mm.
- They're talking about getting rid of you.
Yeah, say you're slipping.
They can't do this to me,
I have a contract.
Let me tell you, it is so far beyond
business up there, they're getting personal.
One of them said your mom have a limp.
She up on this tip, like:
We'll see about this.
Oh, and you should probably
take the stairs, man.
- You know, the elevator's out.
- Thanks.
[IN DEEP VOICE] All right,
that's the short version of "Mandy"...
...because it's time to bump and grind
to another Johnny C. Find.
L.A., show some love to Ashley Banks'
"Make Up Your Mind. "
["MAKE UP YOUR MIND"
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
Johnny C. Here with all the happening
new artists right here on 93.4, The Groove.
Whoa, looks like we got some requests.
Who's this?
[IN HIGH VOICE]
How are you doing?
This is Rafica calling from Watts. Ho!
Could you play that record by Ashley Banks
called "Make Up Your Mind"?
I'm with this man
who can't make up his mind.
That's why I'm like,
"You better make up your mind. "
[IN FOREIGN ACCENT]
My name is Tony.
And I'd like to hear that record by
Ashley Banks called "Make Up Your Mind"...
...before I have to come down there
and blow up your car.
[IN DEEP VOICE] And here we go
for an unprecedented 11th time...
...Ashley Banks singing
"Make Up Your Mind. "
["MAKE UP YOUR MIND"
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
[LAUGHS]
[IN NORMAL VOICE]
Whoo.
Oh, Batman.
ASHLEY [SINGING ON RECORDING]:
Tell me why you're playing with my mind
[IN DEEP VOICE]
Johnny C.
[IN NORMAL VOICE]
Gordy Berry?
[IN DEEP VOICE]
I mean, hey.
Hey, Gordy, what's up, man?
The Banks girl? Yeah, yeah. She's new.
Club dates?
Well, her manager, Will Smith, says she's
gonna be performing this Friday night...
...at the Peacock Club.
Right, yes, yes,
that's on the ULA campus.
Sure, I'll see you there.
All right, peace.
[IN NORMAL VOICE]
Yes. I'm in.
[LAUGHING]
Whoo!
There's nobody up there.
[IN HIGH-PITCHED VOICE]
Made you look.
Gordy.
Ashley. That is Gordy Berry.
That is the biggest record producer
in the world.
Look, we got a packed house out there.
Your entire career rests on this moment.
There will never be another chance like this.
Your future, my future...
...everything is riding
on this performance.
One more thing, relax.
And now I'd like to introduce you
to a performer...
...who is a real feather
in our peacock cap.
Get it? Feather, peacock.
[CARLTON LAUGHS]
Anyway, ladies and gentlemen,
here's Ashley Banks.
[PEOPLE APPLAUDING]
[MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
Damn, she must have stage fright.
Carlton, help me.
Sorry, folks, wawhhh,
a little technical difficulty.
Ashley, you all right, babe?
Hey, this is easy.
You've done this before.
Before it was for fun.
Hey, this is for fun.
Look at all these fun faces, fun people.
Come on, baby, you're all right.
Good. I'll stay right here with you,
okay? I'm right here with you.
Carlton.
[MUSIC PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
Tell me why
You're playing with my mind, boy
You either do or don't,
you will or you won't
Got to make you open up your eyes
To see the things you do are foul
And yes, it hurts
I really don't understand
I wanna know if you're the man
Because if you're not the one
I'll have to take a stand
Although I'm crazy 'bout you
I can live without you
And you're wasting my time
Boy, it's time I told you
I can wait no longer
Got to make up your mind
Tell me, tell me
I wanna know, I wanna know
Boy, you're running out of time
Got to make up your mind
Tell me, tell me
I gotta go, I gotta go, baby
This is how I feel inside
I won't waste your time or mine
I really just don't understand
After all I do for you
Still you show no gratitude
CHORUS: Although I'm crazy 'bout you
I can live without you
- And you're wasting my time
- Why you wanna waste my time?
Boy, it's time I told you
I can wait no longer
- Got to make up your mind
[CHEERING AND APPLAUDING]
Will, Will, get over here.
Geoffrey must have dimed us out.
- Hey, hey.
- Hey.
Mr. Berry, listen, I just wanna apologize
for my uncle, man.
He got a wooden plate,
found out he got termites.
Hey, Will, Will, Will. Listen, man.
I heard enough. She's a knockout.
I definitely wanna sign her.
- You do?
- Absolutely.
I mean, I knew you would, man.
I told you you was going-
Philip and Vivian Banks, Gordy Berry.
Hey, listen, your daughter is quite a find.
Listen, why don't we set something up
in my office, say, Monday, 2:00.
Excuse me, Mr. Berry, but my daughter
will not be in your office this Monday.
I am prepared to offer
a $30,000 advance.
- You were wonderful.
- Oh, thanks.
I'm sorry you wasted your time,
Mr. Berry.
Well, the offer is on the table.
Excuse me.
WILL:
Wait, hold on a second there, Mr. Berry.
Uncle Phil, come on.
You didn't think I was good enough
to run your record store.
But look what I did, man. I made
a demo tape. I got it played on the radio.
I got the biggest producer
in the world...
...to come down here and see Ashley.
What else I gotta do?
We will discuss this at home, Will.
Daddy, you said yourself that I was good.
Mom.
It's a great opportunity.
I just don't want anything to happen
to Ashley.
Come on,
you ain't got to worry about that.
I'm gonna be managing her.
That ain't help nothing, did it?
- Daddy, please.
- Don't you give me that look.
Vivian, she's giving me that look.
All right, all right, all right.
If you can guarantee that this does not
interfere with Ashley's normal life...
...that means her grades remain high...
...that she's home every night for dinner
and in bed by 11:00...
...you got a deal.
[LAUGHING]
Hey, Gordy, where my money?
Will, I'm going to be on you
like a shadow.
Shadow?
Uncle Phil, with you,
it'd be more like an eclipse, wouldn't it?
[BOTH LAUGHING]
- Eclipse.
You know, just for that crack,
I'm gonna make myself co-manager.
One fat joke too many.
I knew it, I could feel it.
Do we have a deal?
- We have a deal.
- Excellent.
- All right. Thanks a lot.
- My pleasure. I'll see you soon.
Thank you.
Will, you better be sure
you know what you're doing.
Uncle Phil,
I know exactly what I'm doing.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org